^FF0000---- Chapter of the Fire Spirit, Agni ----^000000 

Summoned fire spirits respond to the “Spirit Control” command by taking different actions 
depending on their size, carrying out their summoner’s orders. 



^FA8072[Lend me your strength]^000000 
i - Pyrotechnic: Increases the damage of Fire Wall and Fire Bolt. 

ii - Heater: Increases the damage of Fire Walk. 
Slightly increases the healing effect of Warmer. 
Slightly increases the damage of Psychic Wave. 
Changes Psychic Wave’s property to Fire. 

iii - Tropic: When the summoner attacks, Hindsight Fire Bolt activates. 
When using Flame Launcher or Volcano, there is a 1/2 chance 
not to consume Red Blood or Yellow Gemstone. 



^0000FF[Protect me]^000000 
i - Circle of Fire: Surrounds the summoner with a ring of flames. 
When an enemy attacks the summoner, it has a chance to deal damage 
and knock the enemy back. 

ii - Fire Cloak: Greatly increases Fire property resistance, 
but greatly decreases Water property resistance. 

iii - Fire Mantle: Creates a powerful Fire Wall around the summoner. 



^FF0000[Defeat those who stand against me]^000000 

i - Fire Arrow: Fires a single flaming arrow at one target, 
dealing Fire property damage. 

ii - Fire Bomb: Uses a fire bomb to deal Fire property damage to one target 
and nearby enemies, 
or deals Fire magical damage to a single target. 

iii - Fire Wave Attack: Unleashes a large wave of flames, dealing Fire property physical damage 
to one target and nearby enemies, 
or deals heavy Fire magical damage to a single target. 


^0000FF---- Chapter of the Water Spirit, Aqua ----^000000 

Summoned water spirits respond to the “Spirit Control” command by taking different actions 
depending on their size, carrying out their summoner’s orders. 


^FA8072[Lend me your strength]^000000 
i - Aquaplay: Increases the damage of Cold Bolt and Frost Driver. 

ii - Cooler: Slightly increases the freeze success rate of Diamond Dust. 
Slightly increases the damage of Diamond Dust. 
Slightly increases the damage of Psychic Wave. 
Changes Psychic Wave’s property to Water. 

iii - Chilly Air: When the summoner attacks, Hindsight Cold Bolt activates. 
When using Endow Tsunami or Deluge, there is a 1/2 chance 
not to consume Crystal Blue or Yellow Gemstone. 


^0000FF[Protect me]^000000 
i - Water Screen: Continuously restores the summoner’s HP by a fixed amount. 
While the effect lasts, Aqua takes damage in the caster’s place. 

ii - Water Drop: Greatly increases Water property resistance, 
but greatly decreases Fire property resistance. 

iii - Water Barrier: Creates a wall of water around the caster. 
This barrier reduces physical and magical damage by a fixed amount. 
However, within the barrier, FLEE Rate and ATK are reduced. 


^FF0000[Defeat those who stand against me]^000000 
i - Ice Needle: Forms a sharp ice needle and strikes one target, 
dealing Water magical damage. 

ii - Water Screw Attack: Fires a wave of water at a target to deal Water magical damage, 
or deals Water magical damage to the target and nearby enemies. 

iii - Tidal Weapon: For a short time, changes the weapons of the summoner and spirit 
to Water property and increases the spirit’s ATK, 
or deals heavy Water property damage to a single target. 


^000088---- Chapter of the Wind Spirit, Ventus ----^000000 

Summoned wind spirits respond to the “Spirit Control” command by taking different actions 
depending on their size, carrying out their summoner’s orders. 


^FA8072[Lend me your strength]^000000 
i - Gust: Increases the damage of Lightning Bolt and Thunder Storm. 

ii - Blast: Increases the damage of Electric Walk. 
Increases the damage of Varetyr Spear. 
Increases the damage of Psychic Wave. 
Changes Psychic Wave’s property to Wind. 

iii - Wild Storm: When the summoner attacks, Hindsight Lightning Bolt activates. 
When using Endow Tornado or Whirlwind, there is a 1/2 chance 
not to consume Wind of Verdure or Yellow Gemstone. 


^0000FF[Protect me]^000000 
i - Wind Step: Instantly teleports the summoner when it triggers. 
Also increases movement speed and FLEE Rate for a certain time. 

ii - Wind Curtain: Greatly increases Wind property resistance, 
but greatly decreases Earth property resistance. 

iii - Zephyr: Creates a wind barrier around the summoner. 
Within the barrier, FLEE Rate increases, 
and ranged attacks deal no damage. 
It also has a small chance to nullify physical and magical damage. 


^FF0000[Defeat those who stand against me]^000000 
i - Wind Slash: Sends a blade of wind at a distant target, 
dealing Wind property damage and inflicting Bleeding. 

ii - Hurricane Attack: Deals Wind magical damage to a distant target, 
or deals Wind property physical damage to the target and nearby enemies. 

iii - Typhoon Mist Attack: Deals Wind property damage to a distant target, 
or deals Wind magical damage and inflicts Silence. 


^008040---- Chapter of the Earth Spirit, Tera ----^000000 

Summoned earth spirits respond to the “Spirit Control” command by taking different actions 
depending on their size, carrying out their summoner’s orders. 


^FA8072[Lend me your strength]^000000 
i - Geologia: Slightly increases the chance to inflict Stone Curse. 
Increases the damage of Earth Spike and Heaven’s Drive. 

ii - Cursed Soil: Increases the final damage of Killing Cloud. 
Increases the damage of Poison Burst. 
Increases the damage of Earth Grave. 
Increases the damage of Psychic Wave. 
Changes Psychic Wave’s property to Earth. 

iii - Upheaval: When the summoner attacks, Hindsight Earth Spike activates. 
When using Endow Quake, there is a 1/2 chance not to consume Green Live. 


^0000FF[Protect me]^000000 
i - Solid Skin: Greatly increases the summoner’s DEF and Max HP. 

ii - Stone Shield: Greatly increases Earth property resistance, 
but greatly decreases Fire property resistance. 

iii - Power of Gaia: Creates an earth barrier around the summoner. 
Within the area, you cannot be inflicted with Bleeding or Petrification. 
Max HP and DEF increase for a certain time, 
but movement speed is greatly reduced. 


^FF0000[Defeat those who stand against me]^000000 
i - Stone Hammer: Strikes one target with Earth property damage 
and inflicts Stun. 

ii - Rock Crusher Attack: Deals Earth property damage to one target and reduces its DEF, 
or deals Earth magical damage and reduces the target’s movement speed. 

iii - Stone Rain: Drops countless stones onto one target and nearby enemies, 
dealing Earth property damage, 
or deals Earth property damage to a single target and inflicts Stun.