^FF0000---- Chapter of the Fire Spirit Agni ----^000000

Summoned fire spirits respond to the summoner’s commands by taking different individual actions according to their size through the "Spirit Control" command.



^FA8072[Lend Me Your Aid]^000000
i - Pyrotechnic: Increases the damage of Fire Wall and Fire Bolt.

ii - Heater: Increases the damage of Fire Walk.
Slightly increases the recovery effect when using the Warmer skill.
Slightly increases the damage of Psychic Wave.
Changes the attribute of Psychic Wave damage to Fire.

iii - Tropic: When the summoner attacks, Auto Spell Fire Bolt is triggered.
When using Flame Launcher or Volcano, there is a 1/2 chance to not consume Red Blood or Yellow Gemstone.

^0000FF[Protect Me]^000000
i - Circle of Fire: Surrounds the summoner with a fiery barrier that, when enemies attack the summoner,
has a chance to deal damage and knock them back.

ii - Fire Cloak: Greatly increases Fire property resistance and greatly decreases Water property resistance.

iii - Fire Mantle: Installs a powerful Fire Wall around the summoner.



^FF0000[Defeat Those Who Oppose Me]^000000

i - Fire Arrow: Fires one arrow of flame at a single enemy, dealing Fire property damage.

ii - Fire Bomb: Uses a fire bomb to deal Fire property damage to one target and nearby enemies,
or deals Fire property magic damage to a single target.

iii - Fire Wave: Creates a massive blaze to deal Fire property physical damage to one target and nearby enemies,
or deals heavy Fire property magic damage to a single target.
^0000FF---- Chapter of the Water Spirit Aqua ----^000000


Summoned water spirits respond to the summoner’s commands by taking different individual actions according to their size through the "Spirit Control" command.


^FA8072[Lend Me Your Aid]^000000
i - Aqua Play: Increases the damage of Cold Bolt and Frost Diver.

ii - Cooler: Slightly increases the freeze success rate of Diamond Dust.
Slightly increases the damage of Diamond Dust.
Slightly increases the damage of Psychic Wave.
Changes the attribute of Psychic Wave damage to Water.

iii - Chilly Air: When the summoner attacks, Auto Spell Cold Bolt is triggered.
When using Frost Weapon or Deluge, there is a 1/2 chance to not consume Crystal Blue or Yellow Gemstone.

^0000FF[Protect Me]^000000
i - Water Screen: Continuously recovers the summoner’s HP by a fixed amount.
During the duration, Aqua takes the damage that the caster would receive.

ii - Water Drop: Greatly increases Water property resistance and greatly decreases Fire property resistance.

iii - Water Barrier: Creates a defensive wall of water around the caster.
This barrier reduces physical and magic damage by a fixed amount.
However, evasion and attack power are reduced within the barrier.

^FF0000[Defeat Those Who Oppose Me]^000000
i - Ice Needle: Creates sharp ice needles and deals Water property magic damage to one enemy.

ii - Water Screw: Fires a wave of water to deal Water property magic damage to one target,
or deals Water property magic damage to one target and nearby enemies.

iii - Tidal Weapon: Temporarily changes the weapons of the summoner and spirit to Water property
and increases the spirit’s own attack power,
or deals heavy Water property damage to a single target.
^000088---- Chapter of the Wind Spirit Ventus ----^000000


Summoned wind spirits respond to the summoner’s commands by taking different individual actions according to their size through the "Spirit Control" command.


^FA8072[Lend Me Your Aid]^000000
i - Gust: Increases the damage of Lightning Bolt and Thunder Storm.

ii - Blast: Increases the damage of Electric Walk.
Increases the damage of Varetyr Spear.
Increases the damage of Psychic Wave.
Changes the attribute of Psychic Wave damage to Wind.

iii - Wild Storm: When the summoner attacks, Auto Spell Lightning Bolt is triggered.
When using Lightning Loader or Violent Gale, there is a 1/2 chance to not consume Wind of Verdure or Yellow Gemstone.

^0000FF[Protect Me]^000000
i - Wind Step: Instantly teleports the summoner upon activation.
Also increases the caster’s movement speed and evasion rate for a certain duration.

ii - Wind Curtain: Greatly increases Wind property resistance and greatly decreases Earth property resistance.

iii - Zephyr: Creates a wind barrier around the summoner.
Within this barrier, evasion rate increases and no damage is taken from ranged attacks.
There is also a small chance to nullify physical or magic damage.

^FF0000[Defeat Those Who Oppose Me]^000000
i - Wind Slash: Fires a blade of wind at one distant target,
dealing Wind property damage and inflicting the Bleeding status.

ii - Hurricane Rage: Deals Wind property magic damage to one distant target,
or deals Wind property physical damage to one target and nearby enemies.

iii - Typhoon Missile: Deals Wind property damage to one distant target,
or deals Wind property magic damage and inflicts the Silence status.
^008040---- Chapter of the Earth Spirit Terra ----^000000


Summoned earth spirits respond to the summoner’s commands by taking different individual actions according to their size through the "Spirit Control" command.


^FA8072[Lend Me Your Aid]^000000
i - Petrology: Slightly increases the chance of Stone Curse.
Increases the damage of Earth Spike and Heaven’s Drive.

ii - Cursed Soil: Increases the final damage of Cloud Kill.
Increases the damage of Poison Buster.
Increases the damage of Earth Grave.
Increases the damage of Psychic Wave.
Changes the attribute of Psychic Wave damage to Earth.

iii - Upheaval: When the summoner attacks, Auto Spell Earth Spike is triggered.
When using Seismic Weapon, there is a 1/2 chance to not consume Green Live.

^0000FF[Protect Me]^000000
i - Solid Skin: Greatly increases the summoner’s defense and maximum HP.

ii - Stone Shield: Greatly increases Earth property resistance and greatly decreases Fire property resistance.

iii - Power of Gaia: Creates an earth barrier around the summoner.
Within this area, Bleeding and Petrification are prevented.
For a certain duration, maximum HP and defense are increased.
However, movement speed is greatly reduced.

^FF0000[Defeat Those Who Oppose Me]^000000
i - Stone Hammer: Deals Earth property damage to one target and inflicts the Stun status.

ii - Rock Crusher: Deals Earth property damage to one target and reduces defense by a fixed amount,
or deals Earth property magic damage to one target and reduces movement speed by a fixed amount.

iii - Stone Rain: Drops countless stones on one target and nearby enemies, dealing Earth property damage,
or deals Earth property damage to a single target and inflicts the Stun status.