^ff0000---- Spirit of Fire, AGNI íñ ----^000000

Summoned fire spirits are responding to the caster differently depends on its size, 
when the caster comments them by ¡°Spirit Control¡±.



^fa8072[Ask me for mercy]^000000
i - Pyro Technic : Increase damage of Fire Wall and Fire Bolt. 

ii - Heater : Increase damage of Fire Walk. 
                   Increase a small amount of recovery effect when Warmer is casted.
                   Increase a small amount of Psychic Wave damage.
                   The property of Psychic Wave damage is changed to fire property.

iii - Tropic : Add the chance of auto casting Fire Bolt when caster is doing attack.
                   When casting Endow Blaze or Volcano, 
		   decrease the chance of consuming Red Blood or Yellow Gemstone by 1/2.

^0000ff[Protect me]^000000
i - Fire Circle : Put fire wall around the caster to protect and push away an enemy from the caster 
		    as giving certain damage to the enemy.

ii - Fire Cloak : Increase tolerance to fire property and decrease tolerance to water property.

iii - Fire Mantle : Set the strong fire wall around caster.



^ff0000[Defeat enemies who against me]^000000

i - Fire Arrow : Shoot a fire arrow against an enemy to give fire damage.

ii - Fire Bomb : Give fire damage to the target and around the target by casting fire bomb. 
                   Or give fire magic damage to 1 target by casting the skill. 

iii - Fire Wave : Give fire damage to the target and around the target by casting huge flame on it.
                    Or give strong fire magic damage to 1 target by casting the skill.
^0000ff---- Spirit of water, AQUA íñ ----^000000


Summoned water spirits are responding to the caster differently depends on its size, 
when the caster comments them by ¡°Spirit Control¡±.

^fa8072[Ask me for mercy]^000000
i - Aqua Play : Increase damage of Cold Bolt and Frost Diver

ii - Cooler : Increase a small chance of success in frozen while casting Diamond Dust.
                     Increase a small amount of Diamond Dust damage.
                     Increase a small amount of Psychic Wave damage.
                     The property of Psychic Wave damage is changed to water property.

iii - Chilly Air : Add the chance of auto casting Cold Bolt when caster is doing attack.
                   When casting Endow Tsunami or Deluge, 
		   decrease the chance of consuming Crystal Blue or Yellow Gemstone by 1/2. 
                   
^0000ff[Protect me]^000000
i - Water Screen : Continue to restore caster¡¯s HP. 
                        AQUA takes the damage that is supposed to be given to caster.

ii - Water Drop : Increase tolerance to water property and decrease tolerance to fire property.

iii - Water Barrier : Build up water fence around caster.
                         This water fence decreases certain amount of physical and magic damages.
                         However, flee and ATK are decreasing when caster is inside of the water fence.

^ff0000[Defeat enemies who against me]^000000
i - Ice Needle : Give water property magic damage to an enemy by making sharpened ice needle. 

ii - Water Screw : Give water property magic damage to an enemy by shooting wave bounce
                         Or give water magic damage to the target and surroundings by casting the skill.

iii -  Tidal Weapon : Change the property of caster¡¯s weapon and spirit¡¯s weapon in a short time, 
			  also increase attack strength of spirit itself.
                          Or give huge water property damage to the target
^000088---- Spirit of wind, Ventus íñ ----^000000


Summoned wind spirits are responding to the caster differently depends on its size, 
when the caster comments them by ¡°Spirit Control¡±.

^fa8072[Ask me for mercy]^000000
i - Gust : Increase damage of Lightening Bolt and Thunderstorm.

ii - Blast : Increase damage of Electric Walk
                    Increase damage of Varetyr Spear.
                    Increase a small amount of Psychic Wave damage.
                    The property of Psychic Wave damage is changed to wind property. 

iii - Wild Storm : Add the chance of auto casting Lightening Bolt when caster is doing attack.
                         When casting Endow Tornado or Whirlwind, decrease the chance of consuming Wind of Verdure 
			 or Yellow Gemstone by 1/2.
                
^0000ff[Protect me]^000000
i - Wind Step : Teleport the caster once it is casted.
                    Increase movement speed and flee rate for a while.

ii - Wind Curtain : Increase tolerance to wind property and decrease tolerance to earth property.

iii - Zephyr : Build up wind wall around caster. Flee is increasing inside of the wind wall 
		and also ignore damage by Long Range Attack.
                Also ignore physical and magic damage by a small chance. 


^ff0000[Defeat enemies who against me]^000000
i - Wind Slash : Give wind property damage and Bleeding status to a long distance enemy 
		with wind of blade. 

ii - Hurricane Rage : Give wind magic damage to a long distance enemy.
                              Or give wind physical damage to the target and surroundings by casting the skill. 

iii - Typhoon Missile : Give wind property damage to a long distance enemy.
                            Or give wind magic damage with Silence status
.
^008040---- Spirit of earth, TERA íñ ----^000000


Summoned earth spirits are responding to the caster differently depends on its size, 
when the caster comments them by ¡°Spirit Control¡±.

^fa8072[Ask me for mercy]^000000
i - Petrology : Add certain chance of auto casting Stone Curse.
                       Increase damage of Earth Spike and Heaven's Drive.

ii - Cursed Soil : Increase the final damage of Killing Cloud.
                       Increase Poison Burst damage.
                       Increase Earth Grave damage.
                       Increase a small amount of Psychic Wave damag.
                       The property of Psychic Wave damage is changed to earth property.

iii - Upheaval : Add the chance of auto casting Earth Spike when caster is doing attack.
                  When casting Endow Quake, decrease the chance of consuming Green Live by 1/2.

^0000ff[Protect me]^000000
i - Solid Skin : Increase caster¡¯s maximum HP and defense.

ii - Stone Shield : Increase tolerance to earth property and decrease tolerance to fire property.

iii - Gaia Power : Build up earth wall around caster. 
                                  Never get bleeding or Stone status inside the earth wall.. 
                                  Maximum HP and defense are increased for a while but decrease movement speed.

^ff0000[Defeat enemies who against me]^000000
i - Stone Hammer : Give earth property damage and stun to en enemy.

ii - Rock Crusher : Give earth property damage to an enemy and decrease target¡¯s defense strength.
                      Or give earth magic damage to en enemy and decrease target¡¯s movement speed.

iii - Stone Rain : Give earth property damage to an enemy and surroundings by throwing stone missiles.
                       Or give earth property damage to an enemy along with stun status.